Updated notifications docs (#1664)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/explanation/address-lookup/_index.md

---
title: Address Lookup
description: "The principles of address lookup explained. Address lookup is one of the benefits of using Altinn Notifications. 
However, understanding how it works and which registries are used in various situations is not easy. 
in this article, we dive deep into the principles of address lookup, explaining the process for different types of notifications."
weight: 20
---

In relation to address lookup, we categorize notifications into five distinct types:

> 1. **Notification to Known Email or Mobile Number**
> 2. **Notification to National Identity Number without Resource Affiliation**
> 3. **Notification to Organization Number without Resource Affiliation**
> 4. **Notification to National Identity Number with Resource Affiliation**
> 5. **Notification to Organization Number with Resource Affiliation**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Notification to provided email or mobile number**
2. **Stand alone notification to national identity number**
3. **Stand alone notification to organization number**
4. **Notification associated with a resource to national identity number**
5. **Notification associated with a resource to organization number**
```

Author: Yup. Adapted to use you suggested names.
